add a few solultions and editorials (#3184)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/cf-782b.mdx

</CPPSection>

<PySection>

```py
num_friends = int(input())
friend_coords = list(map(int, input().split()))
friend_veloci = list(map(int, input().split()))

def all_friends_converge(seconds: int) -> bool:

> 	"""
> 	Checks whether all friends can converge on one point in the specified time interval.
> 
> 	Args:
> 		seconds (int): Amount of seconds given for friends to converge.
> 
> 	Returns:
> 		bool: If the friends can converge to a single point.
> 	"""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"""
	Checks whether all friends can converge on one point in the specified time interval.
	:param seconds: Amount of seconds given for friends to converge.
	:returns: If the friends can converge to a single point.
	"""
```
doc comment syntax from [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3898572/what-are-the-most-common-python-docstring-formats)

Reviewer: oh wait this seems like the google syntax
uh most of the docstrings here follow the reST syntax

	overlap_lower, overlap_upper = 1, 10 ** 9
	for i in range(num_friends):
		lower_bound = friend_coords[i] - (friend_veloci[i] * seconds)
		upper_bound = friend_coords[i] + (friend_veloci[i] * seconds)
		if lower_bound > overlap_upper or upper_bound < overlap_lower:
			return False
		if lower_bound > overlap_lower:
			overlap_lower = lower_bound
		if upper_bound < overlap_upper:
			overlap_upper = upper_bound
	return True

left, right = 0, 10 ** 9

> diff = 10 ** (-6)

Reviewer: are the parens needed?
